add events_from_decider_list to coreIR (#36022)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_66.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Added the **alter_events_from_decider** argument, use this argument to obtain **events_from_decider** context path as a list (for improved for playbook automation) rather than a dictionary (The original raw data). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the **alter_events_from_decider** argument, use this argument to obtain **events_from_decider** context path as a list (for improved for playbook automation) rather than a dictionary (The original API raw response). 
```

> - Added the **alter_events_from_decider** argument, use this argument to obtain **events_from_decider** context path as a list (for improved for playbook automation) rather than a dictionary (The original API raw response). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***events_from_decider_format*** argument, use this argument to obtain **events_from_decider** context path as a list (for improved for playbook automation) rather than a dictionary (The original API raw response). 
```
